as you know there has been a lot of talk
these days about the environment our
changing climate and global warming now
some people say it's real and then
they're really smart people they know
it's a ruse invented by the Illuminati
but there's an inner even bigger issue
facing our planet one that has gone
under bunked for hundreds of years and I
am frankly I'm proud to lend my voice to
the chorus confronting the worthy issue
that it is so please pay attention to
this because it might just save your
life
hi I'm famous person Melissa McCarthy
and I'd like to talk to you about a
subject the mainstream media doesn't
want you to hear about they say we
shouldn't ask questions they say it's
settled science they call people who
disagree with them deniers of course I'm
talking about gravity let's look at the
facts the so-called theory of gravity
was conceived by Isaac Newton that's
right the guy from the cookies is trying
to tell us why we should stay down
every day millions of schoolchildren are
brainwashed into believing that they
cannot fly Melissa listen what are you
talking about this is my slightly less
famous acquaintance uniform is Tim so
Jennifer it's June 4th and we're aware
Jennifer who you who you are and are not
and I'd like to know and I think all of
America would who told you that gravity
Israel hmm pretty much every scientist
in the world told me that exactly every
single scientist every single one is it
that a little fishy
I have a question for Hollywood gravity
isn't a hoax then why are you floating
right now
boom because you just put a harness on
me during that fake toss all I don't
know what you're talking about God why
are you afraid to hear both sides
because they're not both sides if
there's no gravity why are you still on
the ground there when I'm on the ground
is because I keep one in my gams tied
your handbook at all times I bet you
feel pretty stupid now Jennifer I guess
you're smart water didn't work
alright get me down that's it what goes
up will stay there forever all right
this is so dumb
[Music]
the truth is scary do you love clicking
buttons and subscribing to things then
click the button to subscribe to my
channel and you'll finally be happy